Update README.md (#121)
xmtp/xmtp-flutter: README.md

# xmtp-flutter

> **Deprecation Notice**  

> > The Flutter SDK is being deprecated. Please migrate to alternatives. For contributions, please join [XMTP Discord](https://discord.gg/invite/xmtp).

Reviewer: How about this tweak, @fabriguespe ? =)

```suggestion
> The Flutter SDK is being deprecated. For information about alternative solutions or how to contribute to maintaining this SDK, please join the [XMTP Discord](https://discord.gg/invite/xmtp).
```
